feat: improving docs (#7)
DataChefHQ/cost-monitoring-construct: README.md

# What is Cost Monitoring Construct?

Cost Monitoring Construct is a CDK library that helps monitor costs for AWS cloud infrastructure resources, such as virtual machines, storage, and network traffic. It allows you to set budgets and alerts to ensure that you don't overspend on your cloud resources.

With the Cost Monitoring Construct, you can share the responsibility of cost management between developers and business holders. This is achieved through the creation of meaningful reports that enable the business team to make informed decisions. Additionally, the Construct generates boilerplate code that can be used to apply these decisions in practice, making it easier to stay on top of your budget.

> # Why do I need it?

Author: done

- **Budgets:** Allows you to set budgets for each applications. It will automatically set up alerts to notify you when your actual costs exceed your budgeted costs. It also continues to track the cost and sending alert if an application continues to cost drastically.
- **Integration:** Integrates with various tools and monitoring services, such as AWS Cost Explorer and Datadog.

# What is it useful for?

Cost Monitoring Construct is useful for anyone who uses AWS and wants to keep their costs under control. It is particularly useful for:

- **Startups and small businesses:** Cost Monitoring Construct can help startups and small businesses to keep their costs under control during the early stages of growth.
- **Large enterprises:** Cost Monitoring Construct can help large enterprises to optimize their cloud usage and reduce costs across multiple teams and departments.
- **Developers:** Cost Monitoring Construct can help developers to track their usage and costs across multiple projects and services.

# What is this _not_ useful for?

> Cost Monitoring Construct is not a tool for optimizing your cloud infrastructure usage. While it can help you to identify areas where you can reduce costs, it is up to you to make the necessary changes to your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cost Monitoring Construct is not a magical tool that can solve all of your cloud cost problems. In spite of the fact that it can bring clarity and help you to identify areas where you can reduce costs, you must make the necessary decisions about your infrastructure on your own.
```
